What do I do?
Galaxia's taking
the Star Seeds of
people I care about
one after another!
Wait a minute... that
golden Star Seed that
she's holding in
her hand. Could it
be... Mamo's?!
Ruler of the Galaxy:
The Menace of
Galaxia.
[chuckling] Beautiful.
The Star Seed that
represents Earth.
It would've been a
waste for this strong
radiance to remain on
a remote planet.
The Star Seed...
... of Earth?
That's right.
Every single being
that lives in the
galaxy carries its
own Star Seed.
But... only
Guardians, with the
energy of the stars,
carry a Star Seed
that shines for
all eternity.
[whimpering]
Mars.
Mercury.
Jupiter.
Venus.
Mamo!
[crying]
Feast your eyes!
I will obtain the
Star Seed of each and
every planet and
become Star Galaxia,
conquerer of the
galaxy!
How could you?
How could you
do this?!
Why are you doing
such horrible things?
What reason could
justify all this?!
You're asking why?
[chuckling]
Come to think of
it... The man I
retrieved this Star
Seed from said the
exact same thing.
[gasping]
Usako.
Huh? Uh?
What just happened?!
[chuckling]
I can feel it!
The shining energy
of a star!
The power of a
true Star Seed!
Who are you?!
I am the ruler
of the galaxy!
Galaxia!
Why are you doing all
this?! What will you
accomplish by making
innocent people
suffer?!
This entire galaxy
belongs to me!
So I am free to do
whatever I want
with it!
The galaxy belongs
to no one!
Care to test that?
[grunting]
[screaming]
Ah, yours is the
Star Seed of Earth.
This planet is
now mine.
Think again.
What?
This planet still has
them defending it.
The Sailor Guardians
who fight for love
and for justice
to protect people.
They'll crush your
evil plans. I know
they will.
You don't stand a
chance against them.
Usako.
[chuckling]
[whimpering]
No.
[crying]
Mamo. You
killed him.
Hmph! That man
was a fool.
There is no love
or justice in
this galaxy.
There is
only light.
And only those who
shine the brightest
will reign supreme!
Now... hand over your
Star Seeds before I
take them by force.
He's dead. Mamo's
really dead.
[gasping]
Ha!
[chuckling]
What the--?!
They're gone!
It's that light
again.
It managed to bring
them into my throne
room so easily,
and removed them
just as fast.
What exactly is
that light?!
Well, it doesn't
matter now.
The galaxy is within
my grasp!
[screaming]
[gasping]
Sailor Moon.
Huh?
How are you feeling?
Saturn?
You're back at
Ginga TV.
Where's Mamo? And
the others?
A sudden burst of
light brought you and
the Star Lights back here.
As for the others...
She must be
exhausted. She's
asleep.
So then... it
wasn't a dream.
[crying]
Mamo, Rei and all
the others... they're
gone now.
What am I
going to do?
Sailor Moon.
This isn't the time
for tears.
While we're just
standing around,
Galaxia's invasion
continues.
Getting emotional
is not going to
change the situation!
What's your
problem?!
Don't you care that
your friends just
died?!
As the Guardians of
the Outer Planets,
the four of us were
planning to settle
this matter
ourselves.
But... we
messed it up.
[wincing]
Come on.
Wait! We're coming
with you!
You are? And what do
you expect to
accomplish
with those
injuries of yours?
Uh--
Just leave
this to us.
Once again... we
lived, but at what
cost? We caused more
casualties and
couldn't avenge
our princess.
She was right about
everything. We
don't stand a
chance against
Galaxia. There's no
way we'll be able to
beat her unless
we find the Light
of Hope.
That's not true.
Huh?
Fighter, you do like
Sailor Moon, don't
you?
[lightly gasping]
Uh--
Yes. I do.
[gasping]
I'm glad. Then
it seems you're
holding onto the
same hope as
the rest of us.
Uh?
Have faith in our
princess. Okay?
I promise. We will
defeat Galaxia once
and for all.
So, please,
watch over us.
Uh.
Deep Submerge!
[gasping]
Is that all
you've got?
I was kind enough
to invite you to my
throne room...
... so I'd appreciate
it if you put up more
of a fight.
Well, aren't you
confident? We'll
see for how long.
[grunting]
[yelling]
[chuckling]
[gasping]
[grunting]
[chuckling]
[struggling]
[grunting]
Huh!
[screaming]
[grunting]
Heh. That didn't
work out like I
thought it would.
Guess my sword's
getting dull.
You're blaming this
on your weapon?
Well, it's not my
fault. I haven't
lost my edge.
Care to test that?
Let's save it for
when we're alone
together.
I'll gladly send you
both to the netherworld,
if you wish.
Be gone.
[gasping]
Silence Wall!
[grunting]
Who did that?!
Sailor Saturn,
Guardian of Ruin
and Rebirth!
And Sailor
Pluto, Guardian
of Revolution.
Galaxia! We demand
that you leave this
planet now!
And should you refuse,
you will have to fight
the both of us!
Heh. How
amusing.
Uh!
[groggy breathing]
Chibi-Chibi?
You awake now?
Eh-uh... huh?
She should have just
stayed asleep.
Then she wouldn't
have to face this
awful reality.
Stop it, Maker.
But she does have a
point. We can't
exactly fight
anymore. There's
nothing left for us
to protect.
To protect?
Huh?
Nothing left... to
protect? Are you
sure?
[gasping]
We wanted... to
protect... the
friends... we love.
That's right. We
love Sailor Moon, but
we love the three of
you just as much.
You're all special
to us.
Please just... please
take our place.
And protect Usagi
and our world.
Don't be such a
baby. I know you're
better than that, Usagi.
You do like Sailor
Moon, don't you?
Have faith in our
princess, okay?
[lightly gasping]
Mm!
Let's go try one
more time.
Those girls gave
their lives for ours.
We can't just let
that go to waste.
I won't allow Galaxia
to take any more people
we care about.
Mm.
Let's go, everyone!
Chibi-Chibi!
Dead Scream.
World Shaking!
Still can't
touch her!
[chuckling]
You could throw a
whole army at me and
it wouldn't be enough.
None of you will
ever be able to lay
a finger on me.
Fine!
In exchange for my
life, I'll destroy
you and bring peace
to the solar system!
[laughing]
What's so funny?!
You're so clueless.
Who do you think
helped restore your
powers in the
first place?
What are you saying?
Just try and think
back. What was it
that forced you to
return as a Guardian
so soon after your
rebirth?
[gasping]
[yelling]
[screaming]
But she was a baby
just a minute ago...
A great change is
about to happen.
Stop it! Don't look
at me like that!
[struggling]
It can't be!
That's right. I
freed the Queen of
Darkness, Nehalennia.
And that prompted
Saturn's awakening.
It was all me!
And now, I will
free you from this
despicable seal that
you are imprisoned
in.
You, what?!
[screaming]
Mm.
[gasping]
What you're saying
is... the battle with
Nehalennia was staged
from the beginning?!
That's a lie!
My goal is to harvest
every true Star Seed
in the galaxy.
And for that to be
realized, I couldn't
have one
that hadn't
ripened yet.
So, I presented a
catastrophe that
would help quicken
your awakening.
The Queen of Darkness
willingly offered her
services to me.
That's how badly
she wanted her
revenge on you.
Liar! I bet you
tricked her into
doing it!
By fueling her
envy of Sailor Moon!
Silence!
[screaming]
I rule over this
entire galaxy!
And I'm free to use
it however I see
fit!
[struggling]
Okay. Looks
like I was wrong.
You're clearly the
strongest being in
the galaxy.
So you finally
realized how
great I am.
But it's too late.
You will all have
your Star Seeds
removed and then
disappear.
Of course, there is
one more option for
you...
I'm listening.
It's really
quite simple.
Become my servant!
What?!
We would never!
All you have to do is
hand me your Star Seeds
and pledge your
allegiance to
me.
These bracelets are
imbued with my
energy. And by
wearing them, it is
possible for you to
survive even without
your Star Seeds.
So that's the source
of Galaxia's energy.
Well? Which will
it be, then? Give
in, or die?
I'd much rather die
than serve the likes
of you, Galaxia!
That's right! We'd
never obey you!
I'm in.
[gasping]
Uranus?!
If I choose to wear
those bracelets,
I get to keep
living, huh?
Becoming Galaxia's
servant might not be
such a bad idea.
Will you join me,
Neptune? I'm willing
to sell my
soul to the devil to
be with you forever.
Uh. Of course.
Wait, you two. Have
you lost your minds?!
Don't tell me
you've forgotten
our mission!
We must protect
this planet and our
princess!
Shut your mouth!
[lightly gasping]
Go on, take it.
You made the correct
choice.
And now... I'll
take your Star Seeds.
Uranus. 'Til death
do us part.
Yeah. Let's meet
in hell.
Uranus! Neptune!
[screaming]
[gasping]
Ah, yes. This
beautiful radiance.
As promised... Take
my energy!
gasp)
I feel it... So this
is the energy she
holds.
This is... a power I
could get used to.
Sailor Uranus and
Sailor Neptune, arise
before me!
For your first task,
remove the Star
Seeds from those
other two.
Why did you choose to
betray us? What about
your duty? We have
come too far for both
of you to simply
abandon your pride as
Sailor Guardians!
It's pointless. As
long as they wear
those bracelets,
Uranus and Neptune
are under my control.
Show me your loyalty.
Retrieve their Star
Seeds!
Why are you
two doing this?!
Surely, you must
know.
This is how we fight
no matter what the
cost!
[gasping]
Uranus?
Oh!
Neptune.
[gasping]
Pluto!
Yes. I just
felt it, too.
They're quite
serious about this.
In that case, we
won't hold back.
We'll give you
all we've got!
We'll fight to the
death if we must!
That's right!
Sailor Guardians who
have sworn to protect
the planet
together. Nothing
excites me more than
watching them kill
each other!
(thinking)
Countless planets
have succumbed to me.
And each time their
Guardians have brought
about their own doom
by an act of
betrayal.
Friendship is but a
fragile illusion.
The only thing you
can rely on is
yourself!
Now, show them
to us.
Hand over your Star
Seeds!
What's wrong?
I felt another
star's light go
out.
Who was it this time?
Oh, no. Don't
tell me it was--
[gasping]
[struggling]
Pluto! Saturn!
Please, don't
worry, Sailor Moon.
You must... keep
having faith, no
matter what.
[gasping]
Setsuna! Hotaru!
[crying]
We have been waiting
for you.
[gasping]
Hold on... Why
are you standing
next to her?
Uranus. Neptune!
Those bracelets
are...
You damn bastards!
Those were your friends!
Why don't you
mind your own
business?
[gasping]
Your two friends
willingly became my
loyal servants.
And now they'll
be taking your
Star Seeds.
Sailor Uranus,
Sailor Neptune, go!
[gasping]
Don't do this!
[laughing]
Uranus, Neptune,
please, stop!
It's no use!
Galaxia's bracelet
are controlling them,
they won't listen!
But I don't wanna lose
any more of the people
I care about!
If we just had the
Light of Hope that
the Legendary Sailor
Guardian left
behind... then we
could defeat Galaxia!
The Light of Hope?
Next time on Sailor
Stars, Dying Stars:
Uranus and Neptune's
Last Stand.
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.